you're gonna regret this screw gravity
watch this place destroy another person
blah I hope you know I'd do anything for
you
I mean more than taking the bullet what
the fuck
because if you're here for Nikita I'm
not sure that's such a good idea
especially if she's having doubts you're
dead to me
shut it down now
we are the my six practice jiu-jitsu
what the fuck
well I like to do
give me the damn flock don't even think
about it this should make me look fat
yes
are you listening to yourself
we raised a kid yes absolutely I'm not
mother material Michael
why not but I want you to know I'm here
for you your brave little soldier come
here to brushes through this world hey
guys check out my new camera oh wait
this isn't the camera no God no God
please no no no no no no did I mention
no it ends now
I try